Update telling-git-about-your-signing-key.md (#13825)
github/docs: content/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/telling-git-about-your-signing-key.md

  $ if [ -r ~/.bash_profile ]; then echo 'export GPG_TTY=$(tty)' >> ~/.bash_profile; \
    else echo 'export GPG_TTY=$(tty)' >> ~/.profile; fi
  ```

> 1. Optionally install `pinentry-mac` using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) to open PIN or passphrase entry dialogs when necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, to prompt you to enter a PIN or passphrase when required, install `pinentry-mac`. For example, using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):
```
